docs(oauth): updates for custom config of oauth (#12185)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/con-oauth-server-config.adoc

[source,yaml]
----
# ...
spec:
  kafka:
    listeners:
      - name: tls
        port: 9093
        type: internal
        tls: true
        authentication:
          type: custom
          sasl: true
          listenerConfig:
            sasl.enabled.mechanisms: OAUTHBEARER
            oauthbearer.sasl.server.callback.handler.class: io.strimzi.kafka.oauth.server.JaasServerOauthValidatorCallbackHandler
            oauthbearer.sasl.jaas.config: |
              org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.OAuthBearerLoginModule required
                oauth.access.token.is.jwt="false"
                oauth.introspection.endpoint.uri="https://${SSO_HOST}/realms/myrealm/protocol/openid-connect/token/introspect"
                oauth.client.id="kafka-broker"
                oauth.client.secret="/opt/oauth/credentials/client-secret"
                oauth.valid.issuer.uri="https://${SSO_HOST}/realms/myrealm"
                oauth.username.claim="preferred_username"
                oauth.ssl.truststore.location="/opt/oauth-certs/tls.crt"
                oauth.ssl.truststore.type="PEM";
    template:
      pod:
        volumes:
          - name: oauth-credentials
            secret:

>               name: kafka-broker-oauth-secret

Reviewer: I guess this volume mounts the `/opt/oauth/credentials/client-secret` file. The way to use that approach would be to map the content of this file to the value of the environment variable `OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET`. Something like:
```
env:
  - name: OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET
    valueFrom:
      secretKeyRef:
        name: kafka-broker-auth-secret
        key: secret
```

Author: I've removed the volume config and added a note on loading configuration values from external sources

          - name: oauth-certs
            secret:
              name: oauth-server-cert
      kafkaContainer:
        volumeMounts:
          - name: oauth-credentials
            mountPath: /opt/oauth/credentials
          - name: oauth-certs
            mountPath: /opt/oauth-certs
----

In this configuration:

* The listener uses the `OAUTHBEARER` SASL mechanism.
* Tokens are validated by calling the OAuth 2.0 introspection endpoint for each new client connection.
* The broker authenticates to the protected introspection endpoint using a client ID and a client secret mounted into the container.

> * The JAAS login module and callback handler perform token validation and map a specified attribute value from introspection endpoint response to a Kafka principal.

Reviewer: We can make it more explicit:
```suggestion
* The JAAS login module and callback handler perform token validation and map `preferred_username` attribute value from introspection endpoint response to a Kafka principal.
```
